c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\ACSPROSASUR2.dll.config
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\ACSPROSASUR2.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\ACSPROSASUR2.pdb
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\ACSPROSASUR2.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\System.IO.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\System.IO.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\obj\Debug\ACSPROSASUR2.vbproj.App.config
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\obj\Debug\ACSPROSASUR2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\obj\Debug\ACSPROSASUR2.Resources.resources
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\obj\Debug\ACSPROSASUR2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\obj\Debug\ACSPROSASUR2.dll
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\obj\Debug\ACSPROSASUR2.xml
c:\users\pacheco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\obj\Debug\ACSPROSASUR2.pdb
C:\Users\PACHECO\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ACSPROSASUR2\ACSPROSASUR2\bin\MySql.Data.dll
